[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory.
What you are about to hear
over the next 60 minutes
is a very fascinating,
somewhat disturbing subject.
Now, you've heard us talk about
black eyed children showing up
at your doorstep.
Strange phenomenon.
Ghosts, and things like that.
But what you're
going to hear tonight
is something very, very strange.
Something very, very real that
is happening on the planet.
David Paulides, of course,
is the researcher, author,
and investigator.
He started all this with
his book, "Missing 411,"
which dealt with people
disappearing in our public park
systems.
They merely vanished.
David, welcome.
I'm glad you're still here.
>>DAVID PAULIDES:
Thanks, George.
It's great to be here.
>>NOORY: What was it about
this subject that got you first
involved in investigating?
>>PAULIDES: Years ago I was
doing some peripheral research
in a national park.
I noticed a couple park
rangers following me around,
which isn't that unusual, and
I went back to my location
off the park site.
And these guys showed
up independently,
and they said they
knew of me, and they
had been looking into missing
people at the various parks
that they had worked at.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>PAULIDES: And they realized
that on the front end when
somebody goes missing,
there's a lot of activity,
there's a lot of investigation.
And then after about seven or
eight days, everything stops.
And when they tried to find
out what happened to the victim
and get more information,
they were stymied,
and they said something
didn't feel right.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>PAULIDES: And then subsequent
to the disappearance,
the follow up investigation
by special agents of the Park
Service really never happened.
>>NOORY: Weird.
>>PAULIDES: Very strange.
And they said,
you know, somebody
ought to be looking into this.
Because the people were
disappearing in areas
that they didn't think that
would fit that normal mode,
meaning that you and I, say,
take our kids to the park
and a child disappears
in a valley area
where there's a lot of activity.
And we're not talking far
back into the back country.
A lot of these occur
right in a populated area
of the national park.
>>NOORY: In front
of other people?
>>PAULIDES: Apparently.
And--
>>NOORY: Jeez.
>>PAULIDES: As we
can logically assume,
when people go into the
back country, things happen.
And those disappearances
occur as well,
but it's those valley
disappearances that
got my interest right away.
And of course, your mind
may go immediately to, well,
it's some kind of person
to person involvement.
>>NOORY: Right.
Some sicko out
there, or something.
>>PAULIDES: Right.
But when you get
into the numbers,
when you start to
vet the cases, you
realize that something
more is going on
than what's readily apparent.
>>NOORY: David, of
the missing people--
we'll get into a lot
of cases tonight--
how many never show up?
Where they don't, for
example, find the bodies?
They're just gone.
What's that percent?
>>PAULIDES: It's
probably close to 50.
Maybe 60%.
>>NOORY: Just never show up?
>>PAULIDES: Massive searches.
Hundreds of people.
Air, ground, dogs.
And they can't find the people.
And if they do find them,
they're usually found deceased.
And the strange
part of our research
has found that when
these people are located,
oftentimes they're found
in an area that had been
searched sometimes dozens--
hundreds of times.
>>NOORY: Like they're put back
later, or something like that?
>>PAULIDES: You
know, I never say
that this is the fault
of the searchers.
I don't think, just as
you said, that the missing
were in that location when
it was originally searched.
>>NOORY: Of the-- let's say
50% that are found dead--
are they always found dead, or
are some of them found alive?
>>PAULIDES: There's a
very small percentage
that are found alive.
>>NOORY: Small-- small percent.
OK, so of the let's say
the 50% of the missing that
are found dead, what percent
would you obviously say
that person was murdered?
He's butchered, he's stabbed,
somebody shot him in the head--
what's that percent?
>>PAULIDES: Zero.
>>NOORY: Zero?
>>PAULIDES: And the reason I
say that is because there's
a certain vetting
policy we have that
gets the cases in front of us.
So if it's an obvious
case of a shooting,
a murder on the trail,
we won't even look at it.
It's not even included
in our research.
Those incidents
occur highly rare,
and when people
question me about that
and we're here in Colorado,
I tell them, well,
if you and I went
out on a trail,
80% of the people in the
trail are carrying guns.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
Exactly.
And they should.
>>PAULIDES: Right.
And if there's an
incident out there,
you're going to hear about
a shootout on a trail
when it just doesn't happen.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>PAULIDES: So the incidents
where there's a murderer
on the trail--
you know, you read about
those and they make big press.
But the cases we're
talking about?
They really don't make big
press a lot of the times.
Many of the times you
never hear about it,
except maybe a small town
local newspaper or media.
So it's very rare.
>>PAULIDES: All right,
to set the scene,
you have a movie out now
called "Missing 411,"
which is absolutely astounding.
We have the trailer.
>> I'm an abductee's mother.
I was visiting my parents
in Ritter, Oregon.
And so I said, well,
where's your brother?
And he said, oh, he
went around the barn.
Then we went back to find
him, and he wasn't there.
>> According to
Oregon State Police,
there are 41 missing
children in Oregon.
>> It's unknown what
happened to these people.
It extends far beyond just kids.
>> Hundreds of people vanish
from our national parks
and forests under very unusual
but very similar circumstances.
>> In a lot of these
cases, search and rescue,
or the volunteer
searching people,
have already gone over certain
areas not once, not twice,
but even dozens of times.
And then the child
is found there--
maybe a year, maybe
a few years later.
>> To think that I'm actually
sitting here, holding my son.
But this is-- this is
what I have left of him.
>> We're talking
about a very large,
even worldwide collective
of information here.
>> We turned around, and here
was this little toddler walking
out of the fog with absolutely
no clothes on at all.
>> It's troubling.
You know?
I got members of my
search and rescue
that aren't sleeping too well.
>> If you have areas that you
don't even know there's missing
people, it makes it really
difficult to reinvestigate when
more information comes.
>> Some of these
situations are so unusual,
you have to think beyond
the bounds of what's normal.
>> One of the
reports says, well,
the reason why you didn't
find any DNA or blood,
or anything on Jared's
clothing is because either he
or something removed
his clothing.
There's just too much.
There are too many questions
that don't have answers.
>> The family's been
accused of drug use,
and of sleeping
with certain people.
>> Everybody thinks, well,
I'll come up to a polygraph.
Go ahead.
Go right on ahead.
I have nothing to hide.
>> You know, everybody
wants an answer.
Hopefully someday
we'll come up with one.
>> Does the National Park
Service keep a list of missing
people in their parks?
>>NOORY: "Missing
411" the movie.
What an amazing-- your
book, of course, is amazing.
The movie is, too, David.
The research that you've put
into it is mind-boggling.
Is there anybody else doing what
you're doing in this country?
>>PAULIDES: Not that I know of.
>>NOORY: You're out
there all by yourself?
>>PAULIDES: Right.
>>NOORY: The park rangers--
do you think they
know something,
and they're just not telling us?
>>PAULIDES: So in the movie
we spent a great deal of time
in national parks.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>PAULIDES: And
part of that process
is that you have to get a film
permit to film in the park.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>PAULIDES: And at
the beginning we
thought, well, maybe we're going
to get some rebuff from them,
and they're going
to turn us down.
And the truth is that
everything went steamrolled,
and we were walking in.
>>NOORY: And clearly
you had to tell them
why you were going to go in
there and videotape, right?
>>PAULIDES: No doubt.
Well, in that clip
right there, there
was a sheriff from
Klamath County, Oregon,
and it involved the boy who
disappeared at Crater Lake.
And he was a very
astute younger sheriff,
and when the boy
disappeared, he wanted
to throw resources at
it, and he was held back
by the National Park Service.
And they said hey, we're going
to look for this on our own.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>PAULIDES: Right after
the boy disappeared,
it started to snow.
And it snowed pretty heavy
for the next couple of days.
Well, after the Park
Service realized
that this wasn't going to
be a quick resolution, days
after the boy disappeared,
they called in the sheriff.
Well, he told us in the
movie, he was upset.
Because when a small
boy disappears--
a small child disappears--
you've got to throw
every resource you can at it.
>>NOORY: And fast.
>>PAULIDES: Fast.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>PAULIDES: And in that case
there was never a resolution.
The boy was never found.
And he talks about
his frustration
with the Park Service
because of that.
Now, I don't want to indict
the searchers at all,
because the decisions are
made by people much higher
than those searchers.
>>NOORY: The families
must be going
through all kinds of horror
when people disappear.
>>PAULIDES: You know, George,
and that's probably the most
touching thing about this work.
Both of us being parents,
know what it's like.
Even the thought of
losing your child.
And these families
have no support.
And at the end of that seven
to eight days they continually
say, we never hear anything.
There's no follow up.
They kind of think that
they're out there by themselves
until you read
the books, and you
realize there's hundreds
and hundreds of these cases
with very similar tendencies.
And the Park Service
doesn't really
want to acknowledge
any of it, and they
don't want any of the
information to go out.
When I first
started this I filed
series of Freedom of
Information Act requests
against the National
Park Service asking them
for their lists
of missing people.
And George, if you and
I walked into any medium
sized police department
in the United States
and asked the chief
for a list of missing
people in his jurisdiction,
or her jurisdiction--
>>NOORY: We'd get it.
We'd get it.
>>PAULIDES: Within an hour.
He'd have-- or she'd
have it on her desk.
The National Park
Services, they don't
keep track of that information.
>>NOORY: They don't
keep track of people
disappearing in their parks?
That's bizarre.
>>PAULIDES: I would agree.
>>NOORY: I would
think that there's
some clandestine operation
tracking all this right now,
and they're perplexed.
>>PAULIDES: Well, I--
I've talked to some of the
best investigative journalists
in the United
States, and they said
they're outright lying to you.
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>PAULIDES: They have a
list of missing people.
>>NOORY: They've got to.
In your opinion,
David, how many people
are missing just from
the park systems alone?
>>PAULIDES: Well,
that's-- that's tough,
because they won't tell us.
>>NOORY: And we don't know
how far back to go, right?
1700s?
1800s?
>>PAULIDES: Well, just in our
research I have cases going
back--
there's nine
countries that we've
documented these incidents in.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>PAULIDES: That
fit this profile.
>>NOORY: Same profile.
>>PAULIDES: And in
those nine countries
we have one case goes all the
way back to 1768 in France.
>>NOORY: Huh.
If you had to guess,
though-- speculate
on how many total people we're
talking about disappearing?
>>PAULIDES: So we've documented,
right now in our books,
about 1,100.
>>NOORY: 1,100 people--
>>PAULIDES: Right.
>>NOORY: Since this first
episode to where we are today.
And they continue.
This bizarre case--
now, this guy was found,
but the Toronto firefighter
who went skiing in New York
disappeared for
God knows how long
and ended up in California,
2,500 miles away, still
in his ski outfit, and has
no idea how he got there.
Something happened to this guy.
>>PAULIDES: So he's out skiing
in the area of Lake Placid
with his friends, from Toronto.
He's a captain in the
Toronto Fire Department.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
He's not fooling around, here.
>>PAULIDES: Well, and
I don't think people
understand that when you become
a policeman or a fireman,
you go through
psychological testing.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>PAULIDES: So the person,
especially being a captain--
the thought of him being
mentally unstable--
>>NOORY: Uh-uh.
>>PAULIDES: I don't think so.
>>NOORY: No.
>>PAULIDES: And--
>>NOORY: Or playing
a game on his family?
No.
>>PAULIDES: I don't think so.
So the real interesting
part of that story
is that I've written about
people who were skiing,
who disappeared on the slopes.
Some were never found,
some were found later.
Months and months later, under
really unusual conditions.
So I think there's
a lot of questions.
I know he was interviewed by
the New York State Police,
and they haven't released
anything, really,
about that interview.
And I know he's
back in Canada now.
I would love to talk to him.
And I'd love to
regress his hypnosis.
>>NOORY: Oh my god.
I mean, did he get picked up by
a trucker who was kind enough
to take him somewhere?
But I mean, what do
you tell the trucker?
Hi.
I'm in my ski outfit, I
need to go to California?
And does he have money on him?
Does he eat?
It's weird.
>>PAULIDES: Well, one
of the interesting parts
of these 1,100 cases, many of
them where the victim is found,
they have head injuries.
Head injuries that
have caused death.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>PAULIDES: And
in his incident he
told the press
that he thought he
had some type of head injury.
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>PAULIDES: So that's
an interesting parallel.
And like you said, they
find him with his ski helmet
and same clothing.
And then the real
odd thing to me
was he said somewhere along
the line he had a haircut.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
Yeah.
Where'd that come from?
>>PAULIDES: Exactly.
>>NOORY: Strange.
Now, you highlighted
in the film a lot
of missing children cases.
Tell me about that, why
you highlighted on that.
>>PAULIDES: So we could have
gone many gamuts with this.
We could have done it about
hunters, hikers, adult,
females.
We chose to do children
for one reason.
If I sat down with
you and I said,
well, a person
disappeared at point A
and he was found 5 miles
away and 2,000 feet uphill--
well, somebody like you
and I, not a big deal.
But a two-year-old child?
>>NOORY: Uh-uh.
>>PAULIDES: I don't think so.
And it's for that reason
we focused on children.
They really can't go that
far in the wilderness.
And when they set up their
parameters to search,
they're usually searching
within those parameters
where 95% of the kids are found.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>PAULIDES: And in
those incidents--
just go back to the
Crater Lake incident--
they kept going further, and
further, and further out.
They bring canines in.
The canines can't
bring up a scent.
All of a sudden the
weather changes.
They bring in
professional trackers.
None of these people
can find a little child.
Which doesn't make sense.
And there's no predation
evidence, either.
Meaning that there's no attack
by a bear, a mountain lion.
That would be a big scene.
It'd be evident.
>>NOORY: I remember you told
me once on "Coast to Coast,"
the radio show, that in some
cases when these people are
disappeared, it could be
weeks, could be months,
and that in some cases they're
found in their clothes.
The clothes are clean.
No mud, no nothing.
If you're in the wilderness
for a couple of weeks,
a couple of months,
you're going to be dirty,
and you're going to
have dirt everywhere.
How could it be so pristine?
It's like somebody
washed their clothes.
>>PAULIDES: So I'm betting
that there's even more to this.
It's evident when a
searcher finds you
if your clothes
are really clean,
but they never mention
the body itself.
One of the things I write about
in the books is a lot of times
if the person is found alive
and they get to a hospital,
the notes in the hospital is
that there's a small fever
associated with that person.
>>NOORY: Fever-- something.
Bruises?
>>PAULIDES: No--
very rare, bruises.
But a small fever is evident.
They never say-- and many
times you don't get to see
the medical report--
I would like to know if the
body was clean, as well.
>>NOORY: Like the clothes?
>>PAULIDES: Like the clothes.
So if the clothes are clean
and the body is clean,
you really have
something odd going on.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>PAULIDES: And--
>>NOORY: Well, it's still
odd if the clothes is clean
and the body isn't clean.
Because--
>>PAULIDES: I agree.
>>NOORY: I mean, the
clothes has got to get dirty
before the body, I would think.
>>PAULIDES: You would think so.
>>NOORY: It is weird.
We're going to go through
some scenarios with you
that I want to ask you,
and then have you weigh it.
But one of the
children you highlight
in your film, "Missing
411," is DeOrr Kunz.
Strange case.
>> Well, they went down there
probably 10, 15 minutes,
and then they saw minnows.
And they were going
to go back to camp
and get little man
because he loves fish.
Like, he loves bugs,
stuff like that.
And so they went back up
there, and DeOrr looks at Bob
and says, where's little DeOrr?
And Bob says he was right here.
>> Where's little DeOrr?
He grabbed the [INAUDIBLE].
He's right there.
Of course, he's not there.
Grandfather claims he didn't
go inside his trailer,
but I believe he did.
>> Police say that Isaac
Reinwand at this time is down
at the creek fishing.
They say they panic.
They do a search of the
immediate campground.
They look wherever they can.
>> Craziness started,
everybody's--
I mean, they started yelling,
they started searching.
>> They searched for
about 15 to 20 minutes.
No sign of them.
>> Dennis decided
they'd better call 911.
>> It's a remote area.
You can't get cell
phone service.
Jessica says, miraculously,
she got a signal.
>> Um, my two-year-old son--
um, we can't find him.
>> DeOrr hops in his truck, goes
down the road to see if he can
get better service.
Both-- I mean, both of them
were on the phone with 911
at the same time.
You know, my son's missing.
Can you help us?
And then it's just all
been chaos from there.
>>NOORY: What percent of the
people are just never found?
About 50%, you were saying?
>>PAULIDES: Approximately.
>>NOORY: That's a high number.
>>PAULIDES: It is.
>>NOORY: And we're going to go
through some scenarios for you,
David, and I just want you
to give me the possibilities,
because this is a very
unusual circumstance.
It's very strange.
In cases like the little Kunz
boy, he just disappeared.
He was gone.
And do people hear
sounds associated
with the disappearance?
Like oh, mommy, or
anything like that?
>>PAULIDES: Never.
And there's been a lot
of questions about why
that Kunz case was in our film.
But as we were in production,
that case happened.
Little boy in the
wilderness, we jumped on it.
And if you understand the books,
and you understand the profile
points, you'd understand
why that's in the movie.
Boy disappears in a campsite--
>>NOORY: Right.
>>PAULIDES: --in
the midst of others.
Nobody hears anything,
nobody sees anything.
They bring the
dogs in, the dogs--
>>NOORY: No scent.
>>PAULIDES: Exactly.
A lot of things that
evolved, it was near water.
He was just right near a
creek when he disappeared.
And in fact, they thought
he fell in the creek,
and that's why it was searched.
A lot of people have
pointed to the parents
and said, well, they
have to be involved.
Well, as a policeman I've been
involved in some pretty high
profile cases.
>>NOORY: You sure have.
>>PAULIDES: And one
of those incidents, it
involved a missing girl.
And immediately the
FBI was brought in,
and they focused on the dad.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>PAULIDES: And people
have to understand
that when children disappear
in amongst a group of parents,
it's only natural for the
police to focus on the parent.
>>NOORY: First.
>>PAULIDES: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>PAULIDES: And the best
advice I can give any parent,
give them 100% of
your cooperation.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>PAULIDES: Take a polygraph.
Exclude yourself
so they can move on
and start getting
the case closed.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>PAULIDES: And
in the Kunz case,
yeah, there was a lot
of peripheral nonsense
that went on, but the
truth of the matter
is that the profile
points we established
are evident in
that disappearance,
and the boy still
hasn't been found,
and the sheriffs are
still un-- they don't
have any clue what's going on.
>>NOORY: Bizarre.
What's the percent of
adults disappearing
compared to children?
>>PAULIDES: You know,
there's probably
60%, 70% adults,
20% to 30% kids.
>>NOORY: How many
of them are alone
as opposed to being in a group?
>>PAULIDES: It's very rare when
a child disappears completely
alone.
They're in a setting where
parents, or relatives,
or grandparents are nearby.
>>NOORY: There
are people around.
>>PAULIDES: Right.
>>NOORY: Has anybody ever
said, he was right next to me?
I turned my head, I blinked
my eyes, and he was gone.
Has that ever happened?
>>PAULIDES: Did you take
that out of my book?
>>NOORY: Maybe.
>>PAULIDES: I could
say many, many times.
That's almost an exact quote
from the parents or the people
they were with.
They're walking along.
Sometimes the child may
scoot ahead a little bit,
fall behind just a bit.
But you know when you're with
your kids they can move around.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
But you know where they are.
You feel where they are.
>>PAULIDES: Right.
And I would say that that
happens more times than not.
>>NOORY: That's strange.
All right, I'm going to
ask you some scenarios,
and a lot of it's
speculation on your part,
but I want you to
say probability.
One, somebody has
disappeared in a park system
because there's a murderer
out there, or a serial killer,
and that person somehow
gets this person.
And gets-- now, we
haven't negated the fact
that there are other
people in the area,
nobody hears anything.
Those are all things we have to
really concentrate on and add
to the ingredient.
But a serial killer or a
murderer just scoops them up.
Possibility?
>>PAULIDES: Serial
killer I'd say 0%.
A possibility of a killer
in some cases maybe 0.1%.
I'm not going to say never.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>PAULIDES: But--
>>NOORY: But very
low on the list.
>>PAULIDES: Again, just
like what you cited.
Professional trackers
don't find any tracks,
there's no scent trail
for the dogs to follow.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
All right, so there's that.
A UFO beams somebody aboard
and takes them that way.
It just-- it's hovering miles
above the atmosphere and it
spots this little kid, or this
guy who's alone and just goes--
zoop.
And they're gone.
They're taken.
>>PAULIDES: So one
of the things that I
get queried about all the time
is a scenario similar to that.
And my question
back to those people
is that the victim disappears
99% of the time with others.
So how come nobody sees this?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
It would be as if you
disappeared right here.
Poof, you're gone.
I got a lot of explaining to do,
because that's a weird thing.
But I would think
you were zapped.
If you just
disappeared right now,
that would be one
of my scenarios.
But people aren't saying that.
>>PAULIDES: Never.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>PAULIDES: But my question
is that if that is occurring,
then wouldn't those people
come forward and say hey,
this is what we saw?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
You would think so.
An animal grabs the
person or the kid.
And the animal
could be a Bigfoot,
it could be a mountain lion,
it could be something-- a bear.
But again, that
would make sounds.
I mean, some bear that's
growling after some kid is
going to make an animal sound.
It's not going to be silent.
But-- possibilities?
>>PAULIDES: I get
asked that, again,
at conferences I'm
at all the time.
And one of the things
I explain to people
is that when a mountain
lion or a bear grabs you,
what are you
immediately going to do?
>>NOORY: Scream.
Yell.
Kick.
>>PAULIDES: Scream.
Yell.
Fight for your life.
And even as a child,
we'll do the same thing.
And when they grab you, and
when that predation occurs,
blood is going to be around.
Clothing is going to be around.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>PAULIDES: There's going to
be a scene there of mass chaos.
And then if they decide
that OK, you're dead,
and we're going
to take you away,
there's going to be drag marks
of you going across the ground.
>>NOORY: And somebody is
going to hear it or see it.
>>PAULIDES: For sure.
>>NOORY: Especially if there
are witnesses in the area.
>>PAULIDES: And
then to that point
I always tell people, hey, I'm
going to give you a homework
assignment.
When you leave here, I
want you go to Wikipedia
and look up the number of
fatal mountain lion attacks
in North America in
the last 100 years.
>>NOORY: Not a lot.
Not a lot.
>>PAULIDES: Is it--
is it more than 20?
Is it more than 50?
Is it more than 100?
I'll just tell you
this-- it's less than 20
in the last 100 years.
>>NOORY: I would believe that.
>>PAULIDES: So it's really rare.
>>NOORY: And I'd
bet of those 20,
there was a lot of
screaming involved
by the person who got attacked.
>>PAULIDES: Oh, absolutely.
>>NOORY: A lot.
>>PAULIDES: Even if there
were witnesses, they saw it.
Oh my god, this thing came
down and pulled Johnny,
and ripped him up.
And took him, and there's
blood, and everything else.
>>PAULIDES: Sure.
>>NOORY: All right,
now another scenario.
And some of these are
farfetched, David--
this kid-- this person somehow
walks into another dimension
or portal.
This is a strange universe,
anything could happen.
But they merely walk into a
portal or some other dimension,
and they're gone.
And they haven't quite
figured out how to come back.
Possible?
>>PAULIDES: I've been very
fortunate during this research
to have some phenomenal
people talk to me about this.
And not too long ago
I was in Wisconsin
and I talked to Dr. John
Brandenburg, an expert
on portals.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>PAULIDES: And our
conversation was interesting
because it was free flowing
and he gave me a lot of time.
And what I asked him was
is if this is occurring,
John, then why in the
middle of New York City--
why aren't we walking
down the street
and seeing the person in
front of us just disappear?
>>NOORY: Right.
>>PAULIDES: So my question
back to him is this--
it's almost as though the victim
gets out of sight momentarily,
and they disappear.
So my question is
that can portals
be directed and targeted--
>>NOORY: To the person?
>>PAULIDES: To the person.
>>NOORY: By somebody.
>>PAULIDES: By
something, someone--
he goes, Dave, that's
a phenomenal question.
He goes, I'll tell you this.
He says, there are
organizations right now looking
into that exact thing.
>>NOORY: Oh, by god.
>>PAULIDES: I said, so my
question isn't outrageous?
He said, well, Dave-- he
said, if portals exist,
then we should be able to
manipulate and target them.
That's from Brandenburg.
>>NOORY: So what am I
missing in these scenarios
and possibilities?
We've talked about
a serial killer.
We've talked about portals.
We've talked about UFOs.
We've talked about
animals that could do it.
What else is left?
>>PAULIDES: Oftentimes I get,
well, they wanted to disappear.
And I said, I don't
believe any child wants
to disappear from their
parents in the middle
of the wilderness.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>PAULIDES: And if we're
talking about an adult that's,
again, part of the vetting
process of what we do.
If there's any type
of mental illness,
if there's any
type of indication
of voluntary disappearance,
marital issues, et cetera,
we'll vet it out.
We won't do it.
They said, well, maybe they
drowned in a nearby lake.
Well, in most of
those incidents,
the location-- the water
has been dragged many times.
They put underwater sonar in it.
Oftentimes-- in
fact, the majority
of times if somebody
disappears in water,
it's going to be a limited
amount of time based
on the temperature of the
water and the temperature
of the atmosphere-- the
body's going to rise.
It'll be found.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
So let's add that as a scenario.
An accidental disappearance
caused by a mishap.
A drowning or
something, or falls off
the cliff, or
something like that.
But generally you're
going to find that body.
You're going to find
something else that happened.
So that's another scenario
that we could consider.
This is still too weird.
This comes back to me as a
reporter, an investigator--
the answer is the
bizarre answer.
And it's either a portal,
a dimension, a UFO--
something like that grabbing it.
Because nothing else is logical.
>>PAULIDES: I think you and
I are at the same place.
I like to think
of a wagon wheel,
and there's spokes
in the wagon wheel.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>PAULIDES: And you need, say,
five spokes for that wheel
to be stable.
George, I think I'm on half
of one spoke at this point.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>PAULIDES: People
always ask me, well,
when are you going to solve it?
I think as we move
forward, you have
to understand the
complexity of the issue.
I mean, I've written
seven books now.
One book deals--
>>NOORY: Your latest is
"Off The Grid," right?
>>PAULIDES: Yeah.
"Missing 411, Off The Grid."
I wrote one book that was
specifically about young men--
super healthy,
athletic, top intellects
who disappeared and were
later found in rivers, ponds,
and streams, dead.
Half the time they
couldn't figure out
why they died, the other half
of the time it was drowning.
Now, this was in big cities.
These-- the victims on this
didn't make sense when I first
started to investigate it.
And when you think
of a big city,
and you're thinking
about people in water
that are ending up dead--
to me I'm thinking
about drug dealers,
drug users, alcoholics,
transients living in the river.
It's never that.
And I never have
found a case like that
when I wrote that book.
So the complexity of it is huge.
>>NOORY: There's that case
in the former Soviet Union--
Dyatlov Pass, where all
the skiers were dead.
All of them.
And they can't figure out what.
Happened it's almost
as if they said
they were trying to
crawl out of their tent
in a panic from within.
Not from the outside.
Scratch marks on the inside.
It's weird.
Do those kinds of stories
fit into this kind
of category of the bizarre,
in terms of what happened?
>>PAULIDES: Donnie Eichar wrote
a book about that incident.
And he actually traveled there.
And that's-- and I've
communicated with him several
times.
One thing that's quite
different about that incident
and every case I
have investigated
is that those people
suffered horrific injuries.
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>PAULIDES: I haven't found
any of that in any of the cases
I've investigated.
And it's not that
we're vetting him out.
I'm not finding it.
And there are a few issues with
that case that are similar,
and that occurred
in a rural area,
way up in the middle of nowhere.
In some of the incidents
they were missing clothing,
and they were missing shoes.
They attributed
some of the deaths
to hypothermia,
which is similar.
There's so many
issues that, you know,
if you were strong you
could link them together.
But the one thing
that separates it all
is these horrific injuries.
>>NOORY: In this
case-- your cases--
it's not happening.
Of the 50% that are found, and
they're found dead primarily,
what's the cause of death been?
>>PAULIDES: So that's
across the board.
Sometimes they can't
figure out the--
>>NOORY: They cannot.
>>PAULIDES: They cannot.
And that in itself
is interesting.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
You would think with
today's pathology
they'd find out
exactly what happened.
>>PAULIDES: So in the
books there's coroners,
medical examiners out there
that are reading these.
And I was contacted a
couple of years ago,
and I met with this one coroner.
And we sat down, and
we started to talk,
and they said, Dave,
you're on to something.
Don't-- don't let
people confuse you,
but we've had cases
in our jurisdiction--
and this person works in a
very large jurisdiction--
and they said, we've
had cases just like that
where all the
coroners sit around
and we talk about it, because
it doesn't make sense.
>>NOORY: Wow.
They just die.
>>PAULIDES: They just died,
and we don't have the ability
to figure out what's wrong.
Now, what's interesting
about that--
>>NOORY: That's amazing.
>>PAULIDES: I've had
people come to me
and say, well, you don't
realize that their soul is gone,
and that's why they died.
>>NOORY: Oh, that's another
conceivable possibility.
Their soul is taken,
and they just die.
>>PAULIDES: Is that
a cause of death?
I don't know.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
If somebody's suffocated
or smothered--
somebody captures a
little kid and suffocates
the kid, that would show up as
a cause of death, wouldn't it?
>>PAULIDES: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: There would be
some anomaly in the lungs,
or something, that they'd see.
Some stress.
>>PAULIDES: Right.
>>NOORY: God-- are
you baffled by this?
>>PAULIDES: I am.
And it's frustrating
to me because I realize
I'm not the sharpest
knife in the drawer,
and I talk to people daily
about these incidents.
And I try to encompass
myself with people that
are even smarter than myself.
One of those guys actually works
for you, George [INAUDIBLE]..
>>NOORY: I love him.
My man.
>>PAULIDES: Yeah.
George and I talk about
this all the time.
And George is one
of those people that
came up and said in the
movie that the National Park
Service is outright lying.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>PAULIDES: They have
lists of missing people.
They're just not giving it up.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>PAULIDES: Now, in
a lot of these cases
the parents get
very frustrated when
the coroner comes back and
says a cause of death that
doesn't make sense, or
they can't figure it out.
Well, in a few of
these isolated cases
the parents have paid
for a second autopsy.
>>NOORY: On their own?
>>PAULIDES: On their own.
It costs about $2,500.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>PAULIDES: And when a
normal person, you and I die,
they put our blood and urine
through drug screening.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>PAULIDES: Well, there's 20
drugs that they screen for,
and they won't go outside
those bounds because of cost.
Well, in these second
autopsies the parents
have paid for this
extraordinary amount of work,
and their screening goes
from 20 to 50 to 75 drugs.
>>NOORY: They want an answer.
>>PAULIDES: They want an answer.
Now, what's unusual is in the
deaths where the people were
found in water--
that was "Missing 411,
A Sobering Coincidence,"
in those two deaths they
found super high levels of GHB
in the victim's body.
Now, it doesn't
make sense that it
was there, number one, because
they weren't in an environment
to get drugged.
And number two, they
couldn't figure out
how it was administered or when.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>PAULIDES: Now, the body
produces very minute levels
of GHB on its own.
So we've had these talks--
is there some type of
event that forces the body,
that we don't
understand, to produce
these super high levels?
>>NOORY: And what is GHB?
>>PAULIDES: GHB to
most people would
be known as the date rape drug.
>>NOORY: Oh.
All right.
>>PAULIDES: Most
of the time it's
men giving it to a woman
in a bar, leaving with her,
and raping her.
>>NOORY: So the body doesn't
produce it naturally?
>>PAULIDES: Very minute amounts.
But not in amounts--
>>NOORY: But not in the
amount that they found?
>>PAULIDES: Correct.
And essentially what it does
to you is it paralyzes you,
but your thinking
process is still working.
You know what's
happening to you--
>>NOORY: You just can't move.
>>PAULIDES: You can't move.
>>NOORY: That's frightening.
So if I take that and I give
you super high levels of GHB,
and I drop you
into water, can you
think about that
horrific scenario?
>>NOORY: That's a horrible
way to drown, isn't it?
>>PAULIDES: It is.
>>NOORY: Are you saying
that that's happening?
>>PAULIDES: In these few--
>>NOORY: And if it is,
who's giving them the drug?
>>PAULIDES: Well, the numbers
I write about, it's sobering.
They're phenomenal.
Now, this exact scenario is
occurring in the United Kingdom
right now.
And there's a very famous
place, Manchester--
and they're called the
Manchester canal deaths.
People go out there
and read about it.
There was a documentary
made about it.
Young men, predominantly,
who end up in a canal, dead.
The canal sometimes only
has 2 feet of water.
You could have stood up in it.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>PAULIDES: But they're dead.
Nobody's ever seen
someone go in,
nobody's ever seen
somebody come out alive.
They're all dead.
Now, there's many areas in the
UK where this is occurring.
Also in Spain, and
in North America.
>>NOORY: And do they have
this drug in their system?
>>PAULIDES: Not that
I've found, but again,
we go back to that
screening scenario
that the government does.
>>NOORY: You gotta be
able to look for it.
>>PAULIDES: Exactly.
>>NOORY: All right.
And in this particular
case, how would that drug
have been administered
to these people?
>>PAULIDES: That's the
million dollar question.
>>NOORY: My gosh.
>>PAULIDES: A lot of times it's
almost always, in these cases,
people have been
drinking alcohol.
Sometimes a lot of alcohol.
>>NOORY: Yeah, but it would
have to be in the alcohol.
>>PAULIDES: Correct.
And a lot of times these
people are at parties
where nobody's around.
>>NOORY: Are they buying
it from one single source?
>>PAULIDES: No.
No, these are far
different cities.
Different continents.
>>NOORY: I mean,
we're asking questions
like an investigator would.
They say, all right,
six people disappeared.
They all had this
drug in their system.
What's the commonality here?
Oh, they all drank
this kind of vodka.
Where did they get the vodka?
Oh, it came from this store.
The sicko at the
store is putting
this stuff in the vodka.
That's not happening.
>>PAULIDES: Impossible.
And they're all
drinking different types
of alcohol, different
continents, different times.
And there was a study that
was released about a year ago
from the United Kingdom--
Scotland Yard-- and they wrote
about this exact scenario
we're talking about.
And they ended up with
the exact conclusions
you and I are talking about.
Now, in the study GHB
is never mentioned,
which I thought was interesting.
But then again, I haven't
seen a family in the UK
take it to the
level that these--
>>NOORY: For the testing.
>>PAULIDES: Right.
>>NOORY: They weren't
tested for it.
There was a particular search
that I want us to look at.
Let's take a look at that.
>> While it's possible that
Disch merely stepped out of his
substation and got lost in
a blizzard and nothing more,
there are many curious aspects
to this story that some
Freudian researchers
have made note of.
In this book, "Our Haunted
Planet," the late John Keel
wrote of some of the
more mysterious elements
of the vanishing of
Carl Robert Disch,
including a curious quote that
appeared in "The Baltimore Sun"
regarding the huskies
used in the search.
Speaking to William
J. [INAUDIBLE],,
a writer at the Sun,
Ron [INAUDIBLE],,
Byrd station leader said, quote,
"If Disch had fallen and was
lying in the snow, the huskies
would have seen him long
before the searchers did.
Similarly, if he had fallen and
was covered by drifting snow,
the dogs would have
discovered mound
and rushed to investigate it.
That's just the
way huskies are."
Unquote.
>>NOORY: What a bizarre case.
Of course, they're all bizarre.
What about this one?
>>PAULIDES: This case
is in my latest book
because it is
extremely different
than a standard disappearance.
Carl Disch worked
right down the road--
>>NOORY: From here.
>>PAULIDES: From here, at
Boulder Labs in Colorado.
He grew up in Wisconsin,
was a star football player.
Super intellect.
>>NOORY: Athletic.
>>PAULIDES: Very.
And he became a
physicist, which is one
of the key points in my books.
I have documented several
cases of physicists
who had disappeared.
>>NOORY: And it
was-- his ancestry?
Is that--
>>PAULIDES: German.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>PAULIDES: Which is
another key point.
Many German physicists
have disappeared.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>PAULIDES: And I'm not
talking about, you know,
they voluntarily-- no.
They all fit the scenario
we're going to talk about.
So Disch gets hired in February.
He gets sent to the
Byrd ice station,
and he brings his dog with him.
And he's an
ionospheric physicist,
and he works at a lab set
up from the main station,
about 7,000 feet away.
And on May 8th, 1965 he's
working at this station.
>>NOORY: Mhm.
>>PAULIDES: There's
a blizzard going on.
Big one.
And between the
two locations they
have a rope that's strung
so as you're walking, even
in a blizzard--
>>NOORY: You're holding on.
You know how to get
to the other side.
>>PAULIDES: You're
not going to get lost.
Yeah.
So he leaves in
the morning hours,
and they wait, and
wait, and wait.
And after an hour and a
half the two guys go out,
and they look for him.
Can't find him.
So they call everybody
together, and they
get in their big winter
suits, and they get out
their tractors and
their snow buggies,
and they're looking for him.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
I'd say the guy had a heart
attack, he's in the snow
somewhere.
Right?
>>PAULIDES: Of course.
Yeah.
And he's made this
trip hundreds of times.
It's not like he's
going to get lost.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>PAULIDES: So they search
for him for a week--
they find nothing.
And he had called his
parents in the weeks before.
He said everything was great,
no problem, he's learning a lot.
He's enjoying this experience.
So during that
week period of time
they called for more
assistance from other people
at other nearby stations.
They find nothing.
And they brought
in dogs, and they
thought even his own dog,
if they brought it out,
would find him.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>PAULIDES: Right.
Nothing.
Now, since the time
Disch disappeared
there's been less and
less ice at the ice
station in that area.
His body has never been found.
Now, when we did the
research on this,
one of the unusual things in
one of the articles in one
of the newspapers is that
people at the ice station
had reported in
the days while they
were searching a humming sound
and strange lights in the sky.
>>NOORY: Oh, boy.
>>PAULIDES: And I
wrote about this.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>PAULIDES: Well, then the
head of the Byrd ice station
came out and said,
hey, that's a lie.
This has never happened.
The people aren't
telling the truth.
And I thought it was strange how
hard they came out to deny it.
>>NOORY: To deny it.
Yeah.
>>PAULIDES: Now,
Disch was never found.
>>NOORY: To this
day, never found?
>>PAULIDES: None of his
equipment has been found.
None of his boots.
A very strange disappearance.
>>NOORY: And how far in
that region, in a blizzard,
would somebody go?
Not far.
>>PAULIDES: I don't
think you could go far.
>>NOORY: No.
That's what's even stranger.
>>PAULIDES: Well-- and then
in the stories I write,
many times somebody
disappears with their dog.
And sometimes the dog comes
back, and sometimes it doesn't.
In this incident,
weeks after Disch
disappeared, his
dog disappeared.
He was never found.
I think that's odd.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
There's a case of Jack
Thomas, disappearance--
that's a current one.
Give us the
highlights, and we'll
look at a little
video about that.
If you can, David.
Again, another strange case.
And I think this
one was in 2016.
>>PAULIDES: June 17th, 2016.
Jack, 66 years old.
In phenomenal health.
He always liked to hike.
George, one thing
I tell everyone
who goes out in the
wilderness is number one,
you hike in pairs.
>>NOORY: Yep.
>>PAULIDES: If you choose
not to hike in pairs,
you carry what's called a
personal locator beacon.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>PAULIDES: A lot of people
don't even know these exist.
They cost about $200, and if
you're hurt in the wilderness,
you activate this.
It sends a signal
up to a satellite.
>>NOORY: And they find you.
>>PAULIDES: Yeah.
>>NOORY: It's like a
missing plane somewhere.
That kind of thing.
>>PAULIDES: Yeah, exactly.
The signal goes down to
the National Oceanographic
and Atmospheric Administration.
And they call the search and
rescue in that jurisdiction.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>PAULIDES: They can
find you within 10 feet.
It's a really neat device.
And say if you're hiking
off trail, you break a leg,
you don't have
this, you're dead.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>PAULIDES: You are.
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>PAULIDES: Jack had one.
>>NOORY: Let's take a look.
>> They don't know
where Jack is,
and they don't
know what happened.
>> New tonight, we're finally
putting a name and face
to the missing hiker who
disappeared in the Sawtooth
wilderness.
An experienced
hiker, Jack Thomas
went missing nearly
three weeks ago.
Search and rescue
teams spent five days
in the wilderness looking
for him, but with no luck.
>> And then at that point the
Elmore County Sheriff's Office
called the search off, but his
family is determined to bring
Jack home.
Our Alex Livingston
has the latest
now on their search
efforts, [INAUDIBLE],, Alex.
>> Dean and Mark, the
Thomas family describes Jack
as an avid hiker who loved
nature and adventure.
And with the help of the John
Francis Foundation, a nonprofit
based out of Minnesota that is
dedicated to helping families
find their loved ones
in the wilderness,
they're hoping to find him.
>>NOORY: Hoping to find him.
Did they ever?
>>PAULIDES: So let me--
let me tell you about that,
is he activated his beacon.
And like I said, within 10 feet.
They found that he was on the
opposite side of the river
than the trail, which is odd.
>>NOORY: How did that happen?
>>PAULIDES: How did that happen?
They searched that area
up, and down, and sideways.
Now, in that area
where he disappeared
there's a lot of granite,
and a lot of boulders.
Something else I talk
about in the books.
The biggest geographical
cluster of the 59
in North America
I've written about
is Yosemite National Park.
More people have disappeared
there than anywhere.
>>NOORY: Weird.
>>PAULIDES: And
what's the one place
in the world with
the most granite?
>>NOORY: Yosemite.
>>PAULIDES: Yosemite.
Yeah.
And where Jack disappeared,
it didn't make a lot of sense.
Now, not only did they do this
first five days of searching,
they also came back
with the foundation
and searched for another week.
They brought in cadaver dogs,
they brought in regular dogs.
They--
>>NOORY: Nothing.
Nothing.
>>PAULIDES: Nothing.
And just so people
understand, cadaver dogs
can smell just a minute
amount of decay miles away.
>>NOORY: And they go crazy.
>>PAULIDES: They go crazy.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>PAULIDES: Jack Thomas
should have been found,
and he was never found.
And he had a
beacon, it went off.
This doesn't make sense.
And--
>>NOORY: Did they
ever find the beacon?
>>PAULIDES: They
never found anything.
It's a--
>>NOORY: What is going on?
>>PAULIDES: Well,
that's why I'm here.
I was hoping you were
going to tell me, George.
You have access to so
many different people
that I thought someone in
this world would come in
and say this is the answer.
>>NOORY: Well, you know,
I come from the school of,
you know, look at
something natural first.
You know, murders,
disappearances, accidents--
but once that's all weighed off,
and you say that's most of them
are weighed off, then you
come to the very unusual,
the strange.
The mystical.
And is there anything
in your research, David,
that showed you about folklore?
I know you talked about
the case in the 1700s--
but about folklore
about this happening?
Did Native Americans
talk about stuff
like this, or anything
like that, do you know?
>>PAULIDES: Great, great idea.
And a great topic.
In one of the books I
wrote about, Iceland--
and they have
folklore of people,
or fairies living in boulders.
And do you know, in
Iceland they won't
move a boulder to make a road.
They'll put the road around--
>>NOORY: Around the boulder.
World they don't want to
disturb their habitat.
>>PAULIDES: That's right.
And I thought, wow,
that's interesting,
because I've written about
boulders having the association
of missing people.
And boulder fields.
And then in my latest book
that we're talking about today,
I talked about granite.
Well, there's a giant
mound of granite in Texas.
>>NOORY: Mhm.
>>PAULIDES: And there's a
story from the late 1800s
about a priest being chased.
And the priest said that he
ran on top of this giant piece
of [INAUDIBLE],, and it
engulfed him, and took him.
And he said he walked
around inside this for days,
and then it spit him out.
>>NOORY: Whoa!
>>PAULIDES: I thought, wow.
Priests don't usually fabricate.
>>NOORY: No.
Or hallucinate.
>>PAULIDES: Yeah.
So what happened there?
But I thought the
association of the granite,
it swallowing him and
spitting him out days later--
strange.
>>NOORY: How much do we
not know about this planet,
and this universe?
>>PAULIDES: Well,
we know far less
than what we think we know.
There's so much about the
world, and just the people
I've talked to in the last
seven years, and the access--
I mean, it's a constant eye
opening experience to me.
>>NOORY: Let's look at one
more case that you looked at,
Dr. James McGrogan.
And he was from Colorado.
Something was
happening in Colorado.
He was--
>>PAULIDES: Disappeared
in Colorado.
Was from Indiana.
>>NOORY: All right.
Let's look.
>> Dr. McGrogran, being
a marathon runner,
being in excellent shape--
he kept going.
He told the men that he'd
meet them at the next stop.
They were fine with
that, and away he went.
Now, Dr. McGrogan
was carrying what's
called a split snowboard.
He was carrying
that on his back,
along with a backpack with a
cell phone and a cell phone
backup battery, a GPS unit,
a shovel, medical supplies,
and a variety of other
things, including a blanket
and other protective gear.
He was ready for the worst.
>>NOORY: And
apparently the worst
happened for this poor guy.
What do you think?
>>PAULIDES: So McGrogan
was an ER doctor--
emergency room doctor.
And super sharp guy,
marathon runner.
He went with some
other physicians,
and they were right up
here, up Highway 70.
Right across from Vail Resort.
And there's a very
well-marked trail
that goes up to this
ice hut where they
were going to spend the night.
And McGrogran being
in excellent shape,
his group stopped and he
says, hey, I'm not tired.
I'm gonna just kept going.
>>NOORY: I'm gonna keep going.
Yeah.
>>PAULIDES: So he keeps going,
and they go to their next stop.
He's not there.
And they think, well,
maybe he just kept going.
So they went up, and eventually
they reached the hut.
He's not there, and
they're concerned.
This guy did everything
right, George.
He had backup batteries,
he had backup systems.
He had avalanche detection.
He had everything that
I would have had if I--
>>NOORY: Maybe a weapon?
>>PAULIDES: I don't think he--
>>NOORY: I don't think he did.
But you know, what predators
are out in the middle
of winter in Colorado on this--
there's nothing.
The bears are hibernating,
the mountain lions,
you would find the same.
Long story short, he disappears.
Giant search.
They bring in helicopters,
they bring in planes, they
bring in searchers.
So you've got to remember,
he's on a snow trail.
>>NOORY: So do they find
some of that trail he's on?
>>PAULIDES: Here's the scenario.
If you're on that trail, and
if you deviated off the trail,
there would be marks--
>>NOORY: There would be
marks of your snowboard.
>>PAULIDES: Right.
Well, they followed every
mark, and every mark
turned around and came back.
Now, the location
where McGrogran
was on this trail and the
location he was eventually
found, 6 miles to the east--
there's nothing but giant
hills and rolling snow.
So if he would have traveled
from point A to point B,
It would have looked like
a giant snowplow going
through that mountain,
and the helicopters never
would have seen him.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>PAULIDES: But the
more amazing thing
is anywhere along that point,
you could see Vail Resort.
You could get out
your cell phone
and you could call for help.
>>NOORY: Bizarre.
>>PAULIDES: No marks, no call.
So they decided to search all
the way to this one valley
6 miles away.
And they went up the valley,
didn't find anything.
>>NOORY: Nothing.
>>PAULIDES: They
call off the search.
Within a day later, some other
people were up this valley,
and they find his
body at the bottom.
Snow skis are still on his back.
He's wearing a helmet.
His helmet is caved in, and he
died from blunt force trauma
to the head.
Now, that's all that
the story tells you,
and that's all the public knows
from the public description
of the news accounts.
So I thought, this isn't right.
So I request from
Eagle County a copy
of the coroner's report, and
the search and rescue report.
And I thought, wow,
this is strange.
How come the news
never said that he's
found not wearing boots?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
Why would he take his boots off?
That makes no sense.
>>PAULIDES: In a lot of
the cases I write about,
people are found
without shoes or boots.
>>NOORY: Who takes them?
>>PAULIDES: Where did they go?
They were never found.
And how did he get
point to point?
Why didn't he ever
use his cell phone?
How did he get
dropped into there
and suffer a head
injury that is fatal?
You know--
>>NOORY: It's weird.
>>PAULIDES: It's weird.
>>NOORY: Can you imagine--
just imagine for a moment the
people who have disappeared.
The horror that they must
encounter in that split moment?
For whatever has
happened to them.
It has got to be one of
the most frightening things
a human being could
ever go through.
Whatever it is.
Whether it's a
child or an adult,
something horrible
has happened to them.
>>PAULIDES: You know, and it's--
if we play out that GHB
scenario where you're awake,
you know what's happening
but you're immobile--
you know, why-- if something
is happening here, take me,
put me out so I don't know.
But to force me to be awake--
>>NOORY: That's sick.
>>PAULIDES: That's really a
tough scenario to live with.
>>NOORY: That's sick.
Do you think, as we
wrap this up, David,
we're ever going to get
the answers to this?
Are you close?
>>PAULIDES: I'm hoping
that one of these victims
is going to live.
There's going to be a hiccup.
>>NOORY: And tell
us what happened.
>>PAULIDES: And tell
But as I've stated before,
whatever's happening here,
they're 100% effective.
They're never seen, and
they're never identified.
>>NOORY: There's no mistakes.
>>PAULIDES: No mistakes.
>>NOORY: David, thanks for
being on Beyond Belief.
>>PAULIDES: Thanks
for having me, George.
It was great being here.
>>NOORY: Just amazing research.
I mean, what a story.
This is something I've
followed with Dave
for a long, long time.
His movie out, of
course, is "Missing 411,"
and his latest book is
"Missing 411, Off The Grid."
Stories of people
actually disappearing
in our public park systems.
They simply vanish
without a trace.
It's got to be one of the
scariest, most bizarre stories
I've ever heard.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]